Sibao, you still called me Daddy before
Before was before
Now is now
I only listen to my mommy
If Mommy doesn't agree, I don't want you as a dad
Hey, why are you doing this girl?
How can a scared pig be with other men?
Laughing so happily, no
Leave your mommy alone
cocoa
Your mommy is hugging another man now
Then you used to hug other women
Go away.
Leave us alone.
Haha Four Treasures
Open the door four treasures
Ah!
Xixi Shao, these four treasures
Suddenly there are three more dads than I care about you
Want you to bicker
I heard that Miss Xia joined CN Media a week ago
The president of CN Group attaches great importance to
We even held a meeting for him today
Who in the press doesn't know Miss Xia's name?
If it weren't for the suppression in the first place
He's already famous for his skills
I heard that the group of people who suppressed Miss Xia at the beginning
It was all opened by President Xi
President Xi did not know how to cherish people before
Regret now
It's too late.
Happy this
And they were right.
I failed.
So I have to fight for his forgiveness.
And I have to tell him
Even if I was deceived by Xia Lily before
I have also fallen in love with him